README.md, before:

<!-- These are my reading notes for the Code Fellows Software Development immersive program. -->

# **Reading Notes**

- - -

## **Code 102 - Intro to Software Development**

#### Day 1

- [Growth Mindset](code102/growthmindset.md)
- [Learning Markdown](code102/markdown.md)
- [The Coder's Computer](code102/coderscomputer.md)

#### Day 2

- [Git Tutorial](code102/gittutorial.md)
- [Wireframing and HTML Introduction](code102/html-intro.md)

#### Day 3

- [Introduction to CSS](code102/whatiscss.md)
- [Introduction to JavaScript](code102/jsintro.md)

#### Day 4

- [JavaScript Programming](code102/javascript.md)
- [Operators and Loops](code102/operatorsloops.md)

- - -

## **Code 201 - Foundations of Software Development**

1. [Introductory HTML and JavaScript](code201/class-01.md)
2. [Basics of HTML, CSS, & JavaScript](code201/class-02.md)
3. [HTML Lists, CSS Box Model, Control Flow with JavaScript](code201/class-03.md)
4. [HTML Links, Intro to CSS Layout, and JavaScript Functions](code201/class-04.md)
5. [Images, Color, Text](code201/class-05.md)
6. [Problem Domain, Objects, and the DOM](code201/class-06.md)
7. [Object-Oriented Programming, HTML Tables](code201/class-07.md)
8. [CSS Layout](code201/class-08.md)
9. [Forms and JavaScript Events](code201/class-09.md)
10. [Debugging](code201/class-10.md)
11. [Audio, Video, Images](code201/class-11.md)
12. [Chart.js, Canvas](code201/class-12.md)
13. [Local Storage](code201/class-13.md)
14. [CSS Transforms, Transitions, and Animations](code201/class-14.md)
15. [What Google Learned About Teams](code201/class-15.md)

- - -

## **Code 301 - Intermediate Software Development**

1. [Reading Assignment 01](README.md)
2. [Reading Assignment 02](README.md)
3. [Reading Assignment 03](README.md)
4. [Reading Assignment 04](README.md)
5. [Reading Assignment 05](README.md)
6. [Reading Assignment 06](README.md)
7. [Reading Assignment 07](README.md)
8. [Reading Assignment 08](README.md)
9. [Reading Assignment 09](README.md)
10. [Reading Assignment 10](README.md)
11. [Reading Assignment 11](README.md)
12. [Reading Assignment 12](README.md)
13. [Reading Assignment 13](README.md)
14. [Reading Assignment 14](README.md)
15. [Reading Assignment 15](README.md)


- - -

## **Code 401 - Advanced Software Development**

- - -

### **Hey everyone! My name is Ryan.**

<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/86586274?v=4" style="float: right;" width="100" height="100">

>Prior to Code Fellows I bartended at some fancy cocktail bars out in Chicago for nearly a decade, but I've recently moved to Seattle to pursue a career change into tech. My education background is in furniture making, and I am passionate about all things design related. I love to ride bikes and go hiking in my free time, and am constantly trying to learn new things on just about any random subject. I’m very excited to be going through Code Fellows to build my skillset as an aspiring software developer, and am looking forward to all the challenges ahead!
>- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanemmans/)
>- [GitHub](https://github.com/ryanemmans)

Commit message:

tweaked formatting for table of contents

README.md, after:

<!-- These are my reading notes for the Code Fellows Software Development immersive program. -->

# **Reading Notes - Table of Contents:**

## **Code 102 - Intro to Software Development**

1. [Growth Mindset](code102/growthmindset.md)
2. [Learning Markdown](code102/markdown.md)
3. [The Coder's Computer](code102/coderscomputer.md)
4. [Git Tutorial](code102/gittutorial.md)
5. [Wireframing and HTML Introduction](code102/html-intro.md)
6. [Introduction to CSS](code102/whatiscss.md)
7. [Introduction to JavaScript](code102/jsintro.md)
8. [JavaScript Programming](code102/javascript.md)
9. [Operators and Loops](code102/operatorsloops.md)

- - -

## **Code 201 - Foundations of Software Development**

1. [Introductory HTML and JavaScript](code201/class-01.md)
2. [Basics of HTML, CSS, & JavaScript](code201/class-02.md)
3. [HTML Lists, CSS Box Model, Control Flow with JavaScript](code201/class-03.md)
4. [HTML Links, Intro to CSS Layout, and JavaScript Functions](code201/class-04.md)
5. [Images, Color, Text](code201/class-05.md)
6. [Problem Domain, Objects, and the DOM](code201/class-06.md)
7. [Object-Oriented Programming, HTML Tables](code201/class-07.md)
8. [CSS Layout](code201/class-08.md)
9. [Forms and JavaScript Events](code201/class-09.md)
10. [Debugging](code201/class-10.md)
11. [Audio, Video, Images](code201/class-11.md)
12. [Chart.js, Canvas](code201/class-12.md)
13. [Local Storage](code201/class-13.md)
14. [CSS Transforms, Transitions, and Animations](code201/class-14.md)
15. [What Google Learned About Teams](code201/class-15.md)

- - -

## **Code 301 - Intermediate Software Development**

1. [Introduction to React and Components](README.md)
2. [Reading Assignment 02](README.md)
3. [Reading Assignment 03](README.md)
4. [Reading Assignment 04](README.md)
5. [Reading Assignment 05](README.md)
6. [Reading Assignment 06](README.md)
7. [Reading Assignment 07](README.md)
8. [Reading Assignment 08](README.md)
9. [Reading Assignment 09](README.md)
10. [Reading Assignment 10](README.md)
11. [Reading Assignment 11](README.md)
12. [Reading Assignment 12](README.md)
13. [Reading Assignment 13](README.md)
14. [Reading Assignment 14](README.md)
15. [Reading Assignment 15](README.md)


- - -

## **Code 401 - Advanced Software Development**

*Coming soon...*

- - -

### **Hey everyone! My name is Ryan.**

<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/86586274?v=4" style="float: right;" width="100" height="100">

>Prior to Code Fellows I bartended at some fancy cocktail bars out in Chicago for nearly a decade, but I've recently moved to Seattle to pursue a career change into tech. My education background is in furniture making, and I am passionate about all things design related. I love to ride bikes and go hiking in my free time, and am constantly trying to learn new things on just about any random subject. I’m very excited to be going through Code Fellows to build my skillset as an aspiring software developer, and am looking forward to all the challenges ahead!
>- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanemmans/)
>- [GitHub](https://github.com/ryanemmans)
